# CS-340
Client Server Development
Micheal White


How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The goal of good code is to use an object-oriented approach. This allows you to create modularized code that can be adapted and modified throughout a program to accomplish similar tasks. This speeds up the development process. The CRUD components for this project are a great example of this. To effectively use a database, you need to interact with data by creating, reading, updating, and deleting information. Developing simple yet powerful commands allows the user to interact with all data within the app even when new data is added and expanded. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests? You must approach each problem with the project requirements in mind. By not listening to the stakeholders, you miss out on what they want to accomplish and then create something they do not find useful. I may have a different approach to a problem I think would work better. However, we must remember that the project is no good if the customer is not satisfied and does not find the app useful. The dashboards for the animal shelter are a great example of listening to the customer and tailoring sorting options to meet their specific needs. I researched a few options on how to create these functions. I ended up keeping it simple and adaptable so that changes could be made more easily as business needs change down the road. If I have any questions or something is not clear, I need to reach out to the customer for clarification.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do its work better?
Computer scientists are problem solvers. We have many tools and techniques at our disposal to solve problems for people. We have to ensure that we listen to our customers and provide them with honest feedback to ensure they get the most out of the programs and apps we develop. For Grazioso Salvare, I would ask what their 5-year plan is to find out what other services they might be thinking of implementing. That way, I can ensure my code is adaptable and maintainable for someone who may follow me.
